adminCenter  has been approve promotion ${promotion} , rayon id ${id_rayon} 
adminCenter  has been approve promotion ${promotion} , rayon id ${id_rayon} 
adminCenter 2   has been approve promotion , rayon id null 
adminCenter 2   has been approve promotion of 50% on rayon id null product id 1 
adminCenter 2   has been approve promotion of 50% on rayon id null product id 1 
adminCenter 2   has been approve promotion of 50% on rayon id null product id 1 
adminCenter 2   has been approve promotion of 50% on rayon id 1 product id 1 
adminCenter 1   has been approve promotion of 50 on rayon id 1 product id 1 
adminCenter 1   has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon id 3 product id 1 
adminCenter 1   has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon id 3 product id 1 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon multimedia product mouse 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon multimedia product mouse 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon multimedia product mouse 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 23% on rayon multimedia product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of null% on rayon null product null 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of null% on rayon null product null 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of null% on rayon null product null 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of null% on rayon null product null 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of null% on rayon null product null 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 23% on rayon multimedia product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 23% on rayon multimedia product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 23% on rayon multimedia product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 23% on rayon multimedia product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of null% on rayon null product null 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of null% on rayon null product null 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of null% on rayon null product null 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 23% on rayon multimedia product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 23% on rayon multimedia product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 23% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 23% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 23% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 23% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter 26 has been approve promotion of 12% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon electronic product bimo 
adminCenter null has been approve promotion of 20% on rayon electronic product bimo 
